feat: allow setting kubernetes well-known labels (#4027)
zendesk/samson: plugins/kubernetes/README.md

When using the namespaces UI to create new namespaces, set `KUBERNETES_COPY_SECRETS_TO_NEW_NAMESPACE=my-docker-auth,other-stuff`,
it will then copy that secret from the `default` namespace to any newly created namespace.

### Adding Well-Known Labels

In accordance with [Kubernetes Well-Known Labels](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/labels-annotations-taints/#app-kubernetes-io-managed-by),
Samson can set the labels:
- `app.kubernetes.io/managed-by` to `samson`

> - `app.kubernetes.io/name` to the resource name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `app.kubernetes.io/name` to the project permalink
```
